Segment integrations with a proxy (#7271)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/custom-proxy.md

> info ""
> Segment only has the ability to enable the proxy setting for the Web (Analytics.js) source. Details for mobile source proxies are in the [Analytics-iOS](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/ios/#proxy-https-calls) and [Analytics-Android](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/android/#proxying-http-calls) documentation.  It is not currently possible to set up a proxy for server sources using the Segment UI.

> >info ""
> > Any of Segment's integrations will be loaded via the proxy, however, we don't host 3rd party SDKs (with a few rare exceptions), so Fullstory's SDK for example would still be loaded by their own CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "Segment loads most integrations through the proxy, except for third-party SDKs"
> Third-party SDKs are loaded by a partner's CDN, even with a Segment proxy configured. For example, if you have  a Segment custom proxy enabled and send data to a FullStory destination, FullStory's CDN would load the FullStory SDK. 
```
